Adult subordinate dereliction of duty coverage
Let him run wild at the Dragon Feast
The subordinates will kick him out
I am also responsible for the current state of the kitchen
It was too exciting for him to break up the marriage at that time
I feel guilty about you looking like this.
But I am already the youngest warrior in the Dragon Kingdom
And you're just a mentally ill mortal
I really can't be with you
Yeah, I think you should just accept it.
The rest of my life is long
Take care of yourself
I forgive you today
Xu You Guan Occupy the Tenglong Ceremony
As expected of the God of War
magnanimous
Peerless benevolence and righteousness
That'll spare him.
Good for evil
Huairou world
Lord God of War is really worthy of being a woman who doesn't let a man
Lord Lu Ming God of War has opened up
Why don't you kowtow quickly?
Lu Ming
How do you know the God of War?
Never mind.
Apologize to the God of War first
Let me apologize to him
He also matches Lu Ming, don't make trouble
Is it really fulfilling for you to humiliate yourself like this?
I, Zhao Zilong, practiced at the age of 7
Enlisted in the army calmly at the age of 15
25-Year-old crowned Dragon God of War
I want to worship in all directions and receive thousands of prayers
But you're just a commoner
Is it embarrassing to kneel down for me?
Crazy, don't hurry up and kneel down, kneel down
kneel down
Kneel down kneel down kneel down kneel down kneel down kneel down
Even if Zhang Long is here
I dare not bow as complacent as you
defiant
Now I just found out
You don't have big breasts.
He's retarded